It turns out that he is really not Long Shuai
What are you waiting for?
Come and catch this fake Long Shuai
No matter how well you pretend
Still can't escape the eyes of the three VIPs
It was exposed today.
Fucha, you are really responsible for impersonating Long Shuai
What else do you have to say?
Waste is waste after all
Under the fake dragon handsome and strong eyes sunflower was exposed
Shame on your guts
20 years old, I think you should calm down
What do you mean by mistake?
Because a few years ago, it was not at all with His Majesty the King
His Majesty the King has said that everyone
Lu Shuai, your soldier forced the new Long Shuai
It is a young and promising offense that is a god
Yeah, I know something too
The newly registered Lu Shuaiquan has been delayed at any time.
Since the old Dragon Shuai has died in battle
So this guy?
This young man may indeed be the new Dragon Shuai
Not counterfeit
Three VIPs
Are you all destined?
Have you seen the true face of Xinlong Shuai?
The new dragon has just ascended the throne
Naturally not many people know
But I do have one
He and the king of our country